Add note in last modified time recipe (#9520)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/recipes/modified-time.mdx

Learn how to build a [remark plugin](https://github.com/remarkjs/remark) that adds the last modified time to the frontmatter of your Markdown and MDX files. Use this property to  display the modified time in your pages.

> :::note[Relying on Git history]
> By default, this feature relies on your repository’s Git history and may not be accurate on some deployment platforms performing [shallow clones](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-clone#Documentation/git-clone.txt---depthltdepthgt).
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note[Uses Git history]
This recipe calculates time based on your repository’s Git history and may not be accurate on some deployment platforms. Your host may be performing **shallow clones** which do not retrieve the full git history.
:::
```
